# AuthID Connector

Author: Ryan Schafer

# Introduction

Stop fraud and speed up digital onboarding for your workforce, consumers or tech platform. Eliminate passwords.
Secure every logon, transaction and account recovery with authID’s digital chain of trust.

# Setup

## Requirements

To use the connector, you'll need:

* AuthID tenant with an OIDC configuration
* PingOne DaVinci tenant

## Setting up the connector

In DaVinci, add an AuthID connection.

Navigate to the “Connectors” tab within DaVinci > search in the top right corner “AuthID” > Click into tile > Click “Add”.
Once the connector is added to the library, you can click into it and configure the General configuration. The connector can then be used as part of a flow.

### Connector settings

This is an OIDC connector and requires the standard OIDC endpoints. See below for the specific fields required:

* Provider Name: Set to “AuthID”
* Auth Type: Hardcoded to OpenId
* Redirect URL: Automatically generated by DaVinci. This needs to be configured in AuthID, otherwise the connection will error.
* Issuer URL: Issuer URL from AuthID well known endpoint
* Authorization Endpoint: Authorization Endpoint from AuthID well known endpoint
* Token Endpoint: Token Endpoint from AuthID well known endpoint
* User Info Endpoint: User Info Endpoint from AuthID well known endpoint
* Client ID: Client ID from the configured app within AuthID
* Client Secret: Client Secret from the configured app within AuthID
* Scope: Defaults to “openid profile”, though more scopes can be added
* Send state with request: Send unique state value with every request
* Application Return to URL: When using the embedded flow player widget and an IDP/Social Login connector, provide a callback URL to return back to the application.

# Using the connector in a flow

You can use the connector in a variety of use cases, such as:

## Redirect to AuthID

This capability will be used to insert AuthID Biometrics into a DaVinci flow, ensuring secure authentication.

There are a few different areas that can be configured on this capability:

* Query Parameters: Configure this if any form of a Login Hint is required
* Display Name: Configure the Display Name for the redirect. This most likely won’t need to be configured.
* CSS: Add any custom styling for the redirect page. This most likely won’t need to be configured.
* Show Powered By?: Show who the redirect is powered by on the redirect page.
* Skip Button Press: Shows a button on the page to skip forward.


## Resources

For information and setup help, see the following sections of the AuthID documentation:

* [AuthID Website](https://authid.ai/)

